VIDEO LINK FOR CODE REPRESENTATION
https://youtu.be/WLYv7W6pt6I

How files for code work: use pycharm or jupyter notebook then import the files in it and run the code for cartpole etc.
code files are attached with the submission.

What is included in the submission
1.) this txt file
2.) project documentation
3.) youtube video for code
4.) 4 python code files on github as deakin do not support py files

github link will be given in documentation and on comments!

Reinforcement Learning is portrayed as a Machine Learning system that is fundamentally
founded on how programming experts would take essential actions in some random circumstances
or in given situations. Reinforcement Learning is a part of the significant learning strategy
that makes an individual enhance some aspect of the cumulative reward. 

AIM
Introducing a self-driving car in the environment by introducing Reinforcement learning 
strategies to form a much safer and comfortable ride for the people.

Open AI gym for taxi problem
GYM is a toolbox for creating and looking at reinforcement learning calculations. 
It gives distinctive gaming conditions which can be utilized with codes and tried utilizing a specialist. 

discussion on rules, graphs and portraits

Cart pole - alluded to similarly as a Modified Pendulum is a pendulum with a point of convergence 
of gravity over its turn point. It is wobbly yet can be compelled by moving the turn point under 
the point of convergence of mass. The goal is to keep the cart pole balanced by applying appropriate forces to a rotate point. 

Difference between the Cart Pole problem and Taxi problem and comparison of Q-learning 
Q-LEARNING

Essentially, Q-learning lets the specialist use climate's awards to learn, after some time, the best move to make in each state.

notations are also included

Q-tables included

refernces and youtube link in the end.

How the code work
first install pycharm and jupyter notebook and intall the libraries in it.
then import the files you code in it and try to tun it it will form a cartpole 
image moving left right in it.
